    TODO list
        ~World Expansion
        ~Can be done at spawn
            A paged todo list.
            Checklist for each task allows prerequisite tasks.
            Similar to writing a book in vanilla but optimised for tasks.
    
    Potion mixing station
        ~Mechanical expansion
        ~Early game
            Allows potions to be mixed for combined effects.
            If mixed incorrectly can give player wither, poison and nausea
    

    Targeted explosive 
        ~Machines expansion
        ~Towards the end of early game resource gathering.
            Infused with chemicals which dissolve cobble and dirt but not ores, gravel or gen'ed structures
            Chemicals are liquid and are placed when the explosive goes off.
            Liquids continue eating with the chance of 40% depreciation of probability each iteration
            Causes withering and nausea to player. ~10blocks of explosive
        
        
      

    Ecto-Encapsulation Unit
        ~Machines Expansion
        ~Middle game
            Placeable and acts like a vanilla spawner
            Place next to a spawner sucks the entity from the spawner
            Spawns entities at half speed
            Relatively unstable, could spawn entities randomly while in the unit unless the unit has been stabilised using 'X' means.
          
          
    Applied Material Extrapolation Nometediser (AMEN) Teleportation
        ~Space Expansion
        ~Late game
            In the most basic configuration it takes 10 seconds to fully teleport. Body is transfered in 5 seconds followed by inventory in another 5 seconds.
            If the player walks out of the teleporter before the inventory materialises, random items are picked from the inventory and rendered spinning around a glowing ball. When the player walks into the ball it will give the player their inventory.
            Multi-block customisable teleporter.
                Lasers, Speeds up teleport time. Maximum, 1 tick or as fast as the server can update.
                Transformers, reduce power consumption
            Fixed exit.
            Remote and fixed entry.
        
    
    